To: %s@ubikom.cc
From: Ubikom Web <%s@ubikom.cc>
Subject: Welcome to Ubikom!
Date: %s
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Content-Language: en-US
MIME-Version: 1.0

You've done it! You have successfully configured your email client,
so now you are ready to start using Ubikom messaging system!

Our goal is to provide safe, secure, and private communications to
everyone, and everything. That's why it is impossible to send a
message in Ubikom ecosystem without encryption and authentication.
We encrypt every message with a unique key so only the intended
recipient can read this message.

We want to remind you that messages are end-to-end encrypted between Ubikom users only.
When you send an email to an outside user (i.e. anyone whose address is not @ubikom.cc), 
our gateway will decrypt and send it as is, because this is what legacy email understands. 
To enjoy fully secure communication, please invite your correspondents 
to get a Ubikom email. The more people join Ubikom, the more secure 
everyone is.

We are open source, which means all our code is public. You can
find it at https://github.com/regnull/ubikom. We don't spy on our
users. This is not because we are so nice - it's because our system
is designed in a way that makes it impossible. We don't have any
backdoors.

This also means that you, and only you, are responsible for your
identity, which means your encryption key. The encryption key is
derived from your user identifier and password. You must have a
strong password! You can always change it at
https://www.ubikom.cc/change_password.html. You are responsible
for safeguarding your password. No one, not even us, will be
able to help you if you lose your password, or it gets leaked.

Few other things you would probably like to know:

- Everything here is under active development. Things may,
and will, change. We are striving to provide best, uninterrupted
service, but we make no guarantees.

- Don't spam other users. Spam elimination is one of our goals.

- Every part of the system can be self-hosted by anyone, including
you. If you run ubikom-proxy, for example, your password will
never leave your possession. Email lgx@ubikom.cc for details.

- Currently, we keep email messages on our proxy server for 90
days. If you want to keep your messages longer, you should copy
them to a local folder in your IMAP client. If you are using POP
client, messages are already copied locally. You can also run
your own proxy server and keep your messages for as long as you like.

- The identity registry is decentralized on an experimental blockchain.
We will migrate it to a permanent blockchain in the future and will
distribute tokens to early users. Stay connected!

- Subscribe to @UbikomProject on Twitter for updates.

- We have a request for you. If you could find a few minutes to fill out
an anonymous survey here:
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdM67T8vVMAUHuDSKwUdPpEihGUe3zrbYj8kCXWy03zr9dqaA/viewform?usp=sf_link
it will greatly help us to improve the service focusing on the most important areas first.

Please contact lgx@ubikom.cc with any questions.

Best regards,

    Ubikom Web


P.S. I'm a bot. I don't know how to reply to messages.